all right Sagar what's on your radar
well feminist extraordinaire and euro
senator Kirsten Gillibrand she was asked
about Tara Reid's allegation against Joe
Biden yesterday she lived up to her
lioness stature in that body on behalf
of women and she of course put her full
support behind Tara Reid she asked the
former vice president to explain himself
and took a courageous stand of course
that's not what happened instead she
said quote I stand by Vice President
Biden he's devoted his life to
supporting women and he has vehemently
denied this allegation first of all that
is not true
Vice President Biden has never once p.m.
Italy denied anything because he's never
been asked about it despite doing more
than a dozen interviews since Tara Reid
came forward against him and facing
dozens of questions from the mainstream
press including a more than thirty
minute interview with Politico recently
but let's move beyond that this is just
too rich senator kirsten gillibrand
entire brand in the Senate with sexual
assault and me too she was the one who
led the internal democratic charge to
drive Al Franken out of the Senate she
was the one who wrote in November 2017
that Bill Clinton should have resigned
for having a consensual affair with
Monica Lewinsky while serving as
president now that's before I even get
to Christine Blasi Ford it's just too
easy to show how these people are
complete and utter hypocrites let's take
a listen I believe dr. Blasi Ford
because she's telling the truth and you
know it by her story you know it by the
fact that she told her therapist five
years ago it was documented at the time
we have the therapist notes she told her
husband this is the trauma she's been
dealing with her whole life she doesn't
want to be in a bedroom that doesn't
have two doors people knew that about
her a long time ago she told a friend a
year ago she told a reporter before dr.
Kavanagh was ever named these are the
hallmarks of truth as we covered on this
show that evidence is nothing compared
to the corroboration that Tara Reid
brings to the table this isn't just
about Gillibrand no she was joined in
the ranks by vice presidential hopeful
Stacey Abrams here's what she said last
night I believe that women deserves to
be heard and I believe that they need to
be listened to
but I also believe that those
allegations have to be investigated by
credible sources the New York Times did
a deep investigation and they found that
the accusation was not credible
I believe Joe Biden once again let's
check the receipts let's see what she
said in September 2018 when she said
quote a Supreme Court hearing is a job
interview for one of the most critical
roles in our democracy if there is even
a hint of impropriety let alone this
credible allegations bravely brought
forward by dr. Ford we should pause and
thoroughly investigate just another
hypocrite revealed for the world to see
Kirsten Gillibrand Stacey Abrams they
are egregious stand-ins for more than
three dozen Democrats so far who have
endorsed Joe Biden but had contradictory
statements on Christine Blasi Ford for
places like CNN which wrote 29 stories
about Mitt Romney's binders full of
women have written six mentioning Tara
Reid wrote 700 about Jeb Brett Kavanaugh
for all of the mainstream media
reporters who called anyone who doubted
Ford a rape apologist and an anti woman
pic and for those of us who were on the
other side we see you in a way we thank
you for giving us the evidence that we
craved at the time to show the entire
world that you never cared about
Christine Blasi Ford or Brett Kavanaugh
they cared about power and you would do
anything to acquire it and what so many
misunderstand about my role and approach
this story is I never thought it was a
good idea to just print Julie sweat Nix
obviously B s allegation against Brett
Kavanaugh in the paper of record I
didn't think it made any sense to just
publish rumors from Yale Law School or a
party that supposedly happened in high
school which weirdly none of the other
participants can remember in the most
prestigious newspapers in the country or
endless airtime on national television
that standard was insane from the
beginning but it was stuck to four
Republicans and those found to be
politically inconvenient and after the
standard has been set for the candidate
and the media that the establishment
Democrats like it goes right out the
window as Jay Caruso over the Washington
Examiner put it quote the issue is not
that conservatives want the same
standard applied to Biden as it was to
Cavanaugh we're making clear the
standard that the press and the
Democrats applied to Cavanaugh is not
being applied to Biden and will go back
to the Cavanaugh standard at the drop of
a hat
but here's the thing now we don't just
have an inkling that the press and the
opposition hate us and is unprincipled
we have evidence actual evidence that
when an allegation months stronger than
the one that was supposedly
disqualifying for the Supreme Court of
the United States was not strong enough
for the very same people for the
possible next president of the United
States it's over forever we see you we
will never give countenance to your
moral preening ever again and crystal I
mean the Gillibrand one in particular is
what got me because this is a person
long before me - yeah I mean sexual
assault in the military civilian
tribunals campus rape court I mean I can
go on this is like somebody who has been
on this issue from the very beginning
and then here I believe Joe Biden he has
vehemently denied the allegation and
what was really damning was that clip
that I played which is that that those
therapists notes from like 2012 were
enough for you with Christine bazi for
Tara Reid's mother's phone call Sagar
Hallmark's of truth same with Stacey
Abrams I mean like I said you can roll
the receipts right there she said that
there was enough credible evidence it's
a job interview we'll never know there's
no due process you don't need any of
that stuff because this is all about the
court of public opinion fine we see you
that's that's really what this is all
about for me yeah let me tell you know a
lot about harrison children's we took
bit about kirsten gillibrand
when she ran originally she was a member
of congress she ran in this vision this
like rural upstate New York conservative
district and won by a total accident of
history essentially but when she was
running there she was a blue dog she
talked about how she shot her own
Thanksgiving turkey like that was their
whole thing
okay so then she ends up in the Senate
she got appointed to the Senate Winton
machine right exactly she maneuvered
very effectively behind the scenes which
is what she's particularly good at gets
appointed to the Senate and suddenly
she's like wall street senator and like
that's her thing and she sort of models
herself after Chuck Schumer she's
hillary clinton 2.0 that's her whole
thing that's her base of support then
and by the way so at the time I was I
ran for Congress during that time and
she did something that was very nice she
would let me come to her fundraiser she
would let me like say my spiel about who
I
very nice of her and I still am grateful
for it one time after I gave my pitch
which was a lot about being a mom and
how important that was to me and how
that changed my view of the world she
pulls me aside and says don't ever talk
about your kids again okay so that
happens so then like a year later that
she's a working mom you're later it's
just working mom although I emails are
about being a being a mom and being in
the carpool line all of that and then in
the me too era she jumped out in front
especially and basically through you
know Al Franken under the bus which had
no sort of political consequences for
her a Democrat was governor another
Democrat got appointed to the Senate so
it didn't have any ramifications in
terms of political power for Democrats
at the time but she got to bolster her
image as like the women's me to
candidate and now here we are here we
are her standing right by her principles
and that's the thing is you know she
really tried to make this that's why
it's so egregious for her she really
tried to make this her brand like being
the women's a candidate like the women's
March candidate that was how she framed
her presidential campaign and now that
you have these you know very
inconvenient allegations suddenly she
believes Joe and not though could come
up with something better than this can't
they say I think Tara Reid should be
heard out and I think Joe Biden is a
good man and let's hear more from them
then why is that hard that's that's
really what I don't get I mean that
would at least be semi consistent to
your brand yeah Kamala Harris same thing
we I've rolled the tape here about what
she said about bitings own accusers
about Christine Blasi Ford Stacey Abrams
says that at the time I mean Symone
Sanders who now works for for Joe Biden
in 2018 was all over CNN saying that the
GOP now shows that they don't care about
women and like I said I just want to
point out that these people are complete
hypocrites then and everybody knew it at
the time everybody who was subjected to
it and if you've deviated from the line
whatsoever you were called some of the
most vicious and terrible things that
you can ever say about somebody with no
recourse to defend yourself because none
of
Media was on their side at the time well
that's really what gets me you know
every it's so Stacey Abrams saying oh
the New York Times investigated this
they found that it wasn't Greta ball
what a bunch of BS and we know now we
talked about this in the a blog that the
Biden campaign is distributing talking
points telling people to point to the
New York Times story which was very
biased in their favor but did not come
anywhere near saying it's not credible
or it didn't happen or anything
conclusive because how could you say
anything conclusive about this and yet
that is what they are all using now and
it's to me it is absolutely outrageous
to go that far and pretend like that
story said something that it most
definitely did not say and adding to the
level of egregious nough sebat it is the
fact that we know the Biden campaign
called the manager at the New York Times
and got a particular key sentence in
that story change and now we see why so
that they can hang their hat on the New
York Times says that we that there was
no credibility here that this didn't
happen based on this sentence that's
basically like we did that find a
pattern of sexual abuse very different
from saying this particular thing didn't
happen again what I truly believe there
will be no consequences from this and I
know everybody wants to think otherwise
I think that the media is so in the tank
for Joe Biden and all of these
establishment Democrats who have all the
power in our culture I don't think
you'll pay a single price I think you'll
maybe get asked about it eventually and
when he does it'll be a one-time story
but in terms of you know get to say we
did our job our job everybody's just
gonna sweep it under the rug to wait for
Trump to do say something and then
that's it it'll just go away they will
pay no price for I mean how many people
out there are even playing these clips I
actually think it's just us there's not
there's not anybody else who's out there
checking the record on this everybody
just wants to forget I mean yeah Fox but
like who are they speaking to right like
they're going to they're going to the
people who already made yes it's like in
terms of the programming for MSNBC and
CNN it actually is effective and that's
the crib thats the scary part to me they
can just sweep this thing under the lock
there they are pinning their hopes on
nothing else comes out and if nothing
else comes out I think you're exactly
right
I think they're able to just sweep it
under the rug move on by don't get asked
one perfunctory question look we
answered this like refer to my previous
comments and everyone will move on and
look I I really do understand people as
position is and it's what some of the
liberal feminists have come to it
basically like well we're not happy
about it but Trump is worse so we're
stuck with this guy yeah even though you
know we think that there's some
credibility to those allegations like I
get that I get coming to that decision
it's not the place I am but I understand
why you would come to that place but to
pretend like it's not real to pretend
like it doesn't exist for time like
Karan Reid doesn't exist it's just
blatant hypocrisy given the stance that
they have taken in the past it's you
know it's outrageous it really it and
you know I actually know a liberal
feminist who watched our interview with
Tara Reid and said you know what I
believe Tara Reid and I'm gonna vote for
Joe Biden anyway because I care a lot
about the Supreme Court and I care a lot
about and I said fine that's fine with
right that's that actually that's a
totally reasonable position when you
have a sphere of some election be honest
here's the other thing is you know I
mean the outrageously Ryan as a reporter
rich McHugh as reporter Katie as the
person who first put Tara you know on
air these people are getting blamed for
helping Trump know this was all
predictable first of all tar truck tried
to come forward earlier so that you
could have dealt with this during the
primary and people could have had full
information but this was all totally
predictable there were so many people
out there warning like this is going to
be a problem when you have staked a big
part of your party around believe women
and need to and this is the women's
party and all of that you nominate Joe
Biden you were leaving yourself
incredibly vulnerable and that is not on
Katie that is on all these people work
behind the scenes of media that covered
up for a forum and frankly his
competitors who didn't press upon him
and you know Ryan grim addressed this in
his newsletter it was really excellent
where you talked about he said look
maybe he said people think I'm hurting
Joe Biden maybe I helped him because now
it's not gonna come out in October but
at the end of the day I'm a journalist
and I decided on the first day of my
career that I can't stop reporting in
if it's going to help or hurt a
political cause that I don't like
because the moment you do that you're a
political activist that's it
seriously real credit to Ryan real
credit to Ryan - rich McHugh if you
think that they're not suffering massive
social consequences yeah because of
their their courage in order to continue
to just do the very basics of their job
like you have no idea what has probably
come their way and the amount of vitriol
and remembrance that the Biden campaign
and a lot of other very powerful people
in Washington will remember for even
daring to talk about this story yeah but
but we know you all will have their
backs you will all right I'm looking
forward to your radar next crystal